(#215) Add note to online docs about using local admin for setup (#216)
chocolatey/choco-wiki: QuickDeployment/V2/QuickDeploymentSetup.md

> > The online version is likely more up to date than the ReadMe you will find on the desktop (not including redacted items like credentials).
> > If there are conflicts between the desktop readme and what you see online, prefer the online version.
> 
> :memo: **Note**
> 
> When running the `Set-QDEnvironment` script ensure you are logged into the QDE VM with the _local admininistrator_ account. This is necessary for SQL to work properly initially.
> 

Reviewer: Not really a fan of stacking successive note blocks one after another... maybe make this a part of the previous one?

```suggestion
> The online version is likely more up to date than the ReadMe you will find on the desktop (not including redacted items like credentials).
> If there are conflicts between the desktop readme and what you see online, prefer the online version.
>
> When running the `Set-QDEnvironment` script ensure you are logged into the QDE VM with the _local admininistrator_ account.
> This is necessary for SQL configuration to work properly initially.

```

Author: done!
